Password Reset via Chatbot (new use-case) (#23800)
demisto/content: Packs/PasswordResetViaChatbot/README.md

> Remember that time when couldn't login to your system because you forgot your password? Ever needed the help of IT just after they left for lunch?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember that time when you couldn't log in to your system because you forgot your password? Ever needed the help of IT just after they left for lunch?
```

Resetting passwords through chatbots and automation can provide numerous benefits to organizations. 
First, it can reduce the workload on IT departments by allowing users to reset their passwords quickly and easily without needing assistance. This can improve efficiency and reduce costs. 
Additionally, using chatbots and automation for password resets can enhance the security of the organization by allowing for multifactor authentication and real-time monitoring of login attempts. 
Furthermore, it can improve the user experience by providing a simple and intuitive interface for resetting passwords, which can help to reduce frustration and improve productivity. 
By automating password resets, organizations can also ensure that password policies are consistently enforced, reducing the risk of security breaches. 

##### What does this pack do?
1. Ingests an incident created by a user message on Slack or Microsoft Teams to reset their password.
2. Seeks approval for password resets from the relevant stakeholder.
3. Verifies the user using 2-factor authentication.
4. Creates a new password for the user, meeting the password complexity criteria of the organization.

> 5. Sets the new password for the user, requiring the user will to change their password on next login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Sets the new password for the user, requiring the user will have to change their password on next login.
```

Author: I will change this to "...requiring the user to change..."
